Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Elastic.
True.
We created the email field.
Now this lecture, we're going to create the password field.
Okay.
Now.
This is for the email field.
Right on it is.
Yeah.
So what we're going to do is we're gonna give it a really comma.
Okay.
Then we're going to have another test field.
Test me out.
Okay.
Now as well.
They're going to have the decoration and the appeals.
Declaration.
Okay.
Now we're going to have the --, which I said the interest is similar to the place or the an extent
though --.
What you can see now is into your password.
Okay.
Either through the collar.
Then you've got your nest to save.
Then go check it out.
Okay.
Now you can see it is very close to issued and now what we can do is we can separate books on two,
separate both going or something called us size books.
Okay.
So over here this is the and then of the first US field, that is for the email.
This is the status of points of the list.
That is for the password.
So what you can do is we can use a size plus at the middle level because there's going to be size books
that are going to be given this space vertically.
Right.
So there's going to be height of probably 50.
Okay.
Control and save.
Okay, great.
Now you can easily just copy and paste it over here.
But for the sake of mastering, I will never do this again.
Okay.
Now as well.
What we can do is we're going to give a border in all the size.
So to do this, this border, this is going to be up long.
Outline impaired border.
Okay, great.
Is this a safe and good ticket that.
No.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can do is we can look first of all, let's click on this.
Now you're going to see this green collar around the Buddha.
Now, what you can do is you can get rid of the cigarette collar.
Okay.
First of all, I think I have to use the comma in that to get a very good format.
Now I got to get rid of this green collar, which again is the MP, the creation of the property known
as full costs.
But that is when you click on it.
So that is what is going to be applied.
Outlined imputes but.
Okay.
Then they're going to set the board aside.
But aside.
Okay, we're just gonna change the color to colors the black.
Okay.
AutoTrader.com.
They're trying to control their safe.
It can go check.
It does look like this is gone.
But we better know this is a test field.
Now what you can do as well as we tend to impute decoration because the border is to give border at
all sides.
Right.
So give what other side.
While this focus is one, click on it.
We don't want that screen color.
Okay, now.
Okay.
There you can see we we have this board over there.
Get rid of this board.
That is without clicking on the film.
Okay.
Now, what's in the outline?
If it were there, we can as well as but side.
It is going to be border.
But a side that.
No.
Okay.
How do you treat a coma?
Great.
Now you can see we can barely see this now because the tip is black.
I will barely know.
This is a test field.
Now, what you can do is we can give this test field a gray color.
Not easily do that.
We tend to impute decoration.
We can just set this field.
Too true.
Okay.
The crew announced to save.
Great.
Okay.
Now, like I said, you can easily just copy this.
Well, this is a similar taste, but for the sake of mustering, most of the time, I've got to do this
from scratch all the time.
Okay.
Probably there are two clothes or you can just sit with here.
Great.
Okay, guys, see you in the next section.